icons/README.md, before:

# Bahnhofsfotos icons

The icons in the Android app of Bahnhofsfotos use this icon set. Most of the icons are copied from https://material.io/icons/

---

Main icons
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> menu
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> back
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> search
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> notification (on)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> notification (off)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> choose language

---

Menu icons
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> help (intro slider)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> my account
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> update data
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> my photos
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> near me
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> map of missing fotos
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> app info
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> chat

---

Take a photo / on the map
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> photo
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_red_off_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_black_off_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_gray_off_24px.svg" height="32"> photo (disabled)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> track GPS (on)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> track GPS (off)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> route me
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> mail
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> share

Commit message:

added icons for routing by bike, bus, car, train and walk

icons/README.md, after:

# Bahnhofsfotos icons

The icons in the Android app of Bahnhofsfotos use this icon set. Most of the icons are copied from https://material.io/icons/

---

Main icons
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_menu_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> menu
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_arrow_back_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> back
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_search_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> search
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_active_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> notification (on)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_notifications_off_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> notification (off)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_language_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> choose language

---

Menu icons
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_help_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> help (intro slider)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_account_box_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> my account
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_cached_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> update data
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> my photos
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_near_me_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> near me
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_map_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> map of missing fotos
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_info_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> app info
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_chat_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> chat

---

Transit icons
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> route me
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bike_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bike_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bike_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> by bike
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bus_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bus_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_bus_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> by bus
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_car_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_car_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_car_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> by car
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_transit_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_transit_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_transit_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> by train
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_walk_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_walk_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_directions_walk_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> by walk

---

Take a photo / on the map
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_photo_camera_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> photo
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_red_off_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_black_off_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/_ic_photo_camera_gray_off_24px.svg" height="32"> photo (disabled)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_fixed_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> track GPS (on)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_gps_off_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> track GPS (off)
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_mail_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> mail
- <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_red_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_black_24px.svg" height="32"> <img src="https://rawgithub.com/RailwayStations/RSAssets/master/icons/ic_share_gray_24px.svg" height="32"> share
